h1. MobDeals UI Gem

This provides the common assets for mobdeals apps in a single place.  

h2. Installation

Install the @mobdeals-ui@ gem in your application with: 

<pre>
  gem 'mobdeals-ui', :git => 'git@github.com:crowdmob/mobdeals-ui.git'
</pre>

h2. Usage 

This loads several javascript and css files into your application.  You can start to compile them into your app with the following.

For CSS:

<pre>
/*
 * This is a manifest file that'll be compiled into EXAMPLE.css, which will include all the files
 * listed below.
 *
 * Any CSS and SCSS file within this directory, lib/assets/stylesheets, vendor/assets/stylesheets,
 * or vendor/assets/stylesheets of plugins, if any, can be referenced here using a relative path.
 *
 * You're free to add application-wide styles to this file and they'll appear at the top of the
 * compiled file, but it's generally better to create a new file per style scope.
 *
 *= require mobdeals-ui/universal
 *= require mobdeals-ui/popups/universal
 *= require mobdeals-ui/popups/login
*/
</pre>

For JS:

<pre>
  // This is a manifest file that'll be compiled into EXAMPLE.js, which will include all the files
  // listed below.
  //
  // It's not advisable to add pre directly here, but if you do, it'll appear at the bottom of the
  // the compiled file.
  //
  // WARNING: THE FIRST BLANK LINE MARKS THE END OF WHAT'S TO BE PROCESSED, ANY BLANK LINE SHOULD
  // GO AFTER THE REQUIRES BELOW.
  //
  //= require mobdeals-ui/mobdeals
  //= require mobdeals-ui/account
  //= require mobdeals-ui/habitat
  //= require mobdeals-ui/popup
  //= require mobdeals-ui/wallet
  //= require mobdeals-ui/location


  MobDeals.inits(MobDeals, MobDeals.Habitat, MobDeals.Account, MobDeals.Popup, MobDeals.Location, MobDeals.Account.Wallet);
</pre>